h1. Comic-Surfer

HTML5 Comic visualizer mobile App and authoring tool.
Made for the 1st Betabeers Hackathon.

Authors:
Israel Gutiérrez  ("gootyfer":http://twitter.com/gootyfer/ )
Víctor Hernández  ("uve.hache":https://www.facebook.com/uve.hache )
Juan Carlos Alonso  ("l_h2o_l":http://twitter.com/l_h2o_l/ )

h2. Description

Comic Surfer is mobile app in HTML5 that makes visualization of comics in small screens easier and with a little effort for artists.

Comic Surfer has two main parts, an authoring tool and a mobile interface.

The authoring tool enables the artist to select the vignettes for every page in the comic and it allows to link a sound or music to each one.

The mobile interface is made with ("LungoJS":http://lungojs.com ) allowing access to a huge share of the mobile devices. The user is able to select the desired comic he wants to read, and it will be presented in a very readable size. To navigate the app responds at two touch events: swipe left and swipe right, this makes the navigation very intuitive. When the user reaches the end of the page, a new page is downloaded from the server and starts from the first vignette.

There is a lot of work to do, this is only a very simple version to show the idea.
A "working" version is accesible from:
"http://comicsurfer.jcalonso.com":http://comicsurfer.jcalonso.com

h2. Limits and known bugs

Best experience on iPhone and Google Chrome (window resized to 320x480).
Sound effects doesn't load on iPhone.
Android has problems with the touch events.
There's only one comic and 3 pages of this one.